
# Licensing

Unless noted below, NeoForge and all its parts here in this repository are
licensed under the **GNU Lesser General Public License v2.1** (LGPL v2.1), as 
seen at http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/lgpl-2.1.txt and reproduced
in the `LICENSE-LGPLv2.1` at the root of this repository.

The version of the license is specifically v2.1, and no other version shall be
used. In SPDX terms, this means: `SPDX-License-Identifier: LGPL-2.1-only`.

The homepage for NeoForge is at https://neoforged.net, with the Git 
repository located at https://github.com/neoforged/NeoForge.

## Minecraft EULA

As NeoForge is a software modification made for Minecraft: Java Edition, it and
all other projects made using NeoForge (primarily, Minecraft mods) are bound by
the terms of the Minecraft End-User License Agreement (EULA), as seen at
https://www.minecraft.net/en-us/eula or https://aka.ms/MinecraftEULA.

Please be aware of the terms and conditions in the EULA, particularly the
section on Mods. 

## Use of the LGPL and infectivity

The LGPL v2.1 was chosen specifically so projects may link to and depend on
NeoForge's features and APIs without being bound to be themselves licensed
under the same license (commonly known as "infectivity").

Thus, mods or other projects using NeoForge's code through the various Java
mechanics for linking and referencing libraries are not bound to be licensed
under the LGPL v2.1 by its terms and conditions, and are free to use whatever
license for their own work.

## Contributor License Agreement and the patches directory

All contributors to NeoForge are required to agree to a **Contributor License
Agreement** before their contributions are merged, which is seen in the 
`docs/CONTRIBUTING.md` and reproduced below:

> - You grant NeoForged a license to use your code contributed to the primary 
> codebase (everything **not** under patches) in NeoForge, under the LGPLv2.1 
> license.
> - You assign copyright ownership of your contributions to the patches 
> codebase (everything under patches) to NeoForged, where it will be licensed
> under the LGPLv2.1 license.
> 
> This is intended as a **legally binding copyright assignment** to the 
> NeoForged project for contributions under the patches codebase. However you
> retain your copyright for all other contributions.

This means that the contents of the patches codebase (that is, everything under
the `patches` subdirectory of this repository) are under the copyright 
ownership of the NeoForged Team. 

This is in part intended to reduce any conflicts that may arise from 
identifying the ownership in whole or in part of any patch file, since all 
patch files are automatically (re)generated by our tooling, and it would be
impractical to impossible for individual attribution to be made.

All other parts of any contributions remain under the copyright of the 
contributors, licensed under the LGPL v2.1 license.
